README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.cpp)|1244 ms|
|6|[ ZigZag Conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/)|[C++](./solutions/6.%20ZigZag%20Conversion.cpp)|60 ms|
|7|[ Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)|[C++](./solutions/7.%20Reverse%20Integer.cpp)|12 ms|
|8|[ String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/)|[C++](./solutions/8.%20String%20to%20Integer%20(atoi).cpp)|4 ms|
|9|[ Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)|[C++](./solutions/9.%20Palindrome%20Number.cpp)|156 ms|
|11|[ Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)|[C++](./solutions/11.%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water.cpp)|36 ms|
|12|[ Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|[C++](./solutions/12.%20Integer%20to%20Roman.cpp)|92 ms|
|13|[ Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/)|[C++](./solutions/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer.cpp)|76 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[C++](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.cpp)|12 ms|
|16|[ 3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)|[C++](./solutions/16.%203Sum%20Closest.cpp)|228 ms|
|17|[ Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)|[C++](./solutions/17.%20Letter%20Combinations%20of%20a%20Phone%20Number.cpp)|0 ms|
|19|[ Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)|[C++](./solutions/19.%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|20|[ Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[C++](./solutions/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses.cpp)|20 ms|
|21|[ Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)|[C++](./solutions/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists.cpp)|8 ms|
|22|[ Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)|[C++](./solutions/22.%20Generate%20Parentheses.cpp)|4 ms|
|24|[ Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/)|[C++](./solutions/24.%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs.cpp)|4 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|848 ms|
|27|[ Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)|[C++](./solutions/27.%20Remove%20Element.cpp)|4 ms|
|28|[ Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[C++](./solutions/28.%20Implement%20strStr().cpp)|4 ms|
|30|[ Substring with Concatenation of All Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/)|[C++](./solutions/30.%20Substring%20with%20Concatenation%20of%20All%20Words.cpp)|472 ms|
|31|[ Next Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/)|[C++](./solutions/31.%20Next%20Permutation.cpp)|0 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|8 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[C++](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|4 ms|
|36|[ Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)|[C++](./solutions/36.%20Valid%20Sudoku.cpp)|16 ms|
|38|[ Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/)|[C++](./solutions/38.%20Count%20and%20Say.cpp)|4 ms|
|46|[ Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/)|[C++](./solutions/46.%20Permutations.cpp)|4 ms|
|47|[ Permutations II](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/47.%20Permutations%20II.cpp)|296 ms|
|49|[ Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)|[C++](./solutions/49.%20Group%20Anagrams.cpp)|92 ms|
|53|[ Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)|[C++](./solutions/53.%20Maximum%20Subarray.cpp)|12 ms|
|58|[ Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)|[C++](./solutions/58.%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word.cpp)|4 ms|
|62|[ Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)|[C++](./solutions/62.%20Unique%20Paths.cpp)|4 ms|
|64|[ Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/64.%20Minimum%20Path%20Sum.cpp)|100 ms|
|66|[ Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[C++](./solutions/66.%20Plus%20One.cpp)|0 ms|
|67|[ Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)|[C++](./solutions/67.%20Add%20Binary.cpp)|4 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[C++](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).cpp)|16 ms|
|70|[ Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[C++](./solutions/70.%20Climbing%20Stairs.cpp)|0 ms|
|75|[ Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)|[C++](./solutions/75.%20Sort%20Colors.cpp)|0 ms|
|77|[ Combinations](https://leetcode.com/problems/combinations/)|[C++](./solutions/77.%20Combinations.cpp)|316 ms|
|80|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/80.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array%20II.cpp)|8 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[C++](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.cpp)|12 ms|
|88|[ Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/88.%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|4 ms|
|94|[ Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/94.%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|95|[ Unique Binary Search Trees II](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/95.%20Unique%20Binary%20Search%20Trees%20II.cpp)|16 ms|
|96|[ Unique Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/)|[C++](./solutions/96.%20Unique%20Binary%20Search%20Trees.cpp)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.cpp)|0 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|103|[ Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/103.%20Binary%20Tree%20Zigzag%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.cpp)|8 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.cpp)|60 ms|
|106|[ Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/106.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Inorder%20and%20Postorder%20Traversal.cpp)|56 ms|
|107|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/107.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal%20II.cpp)|4 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|20 ms|
|109|[ Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/109.%20Convert%20Sorted%20List%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|32 ms|
|110|[ Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/110.%20Balanced%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|12 ms|
|111|[ Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/111.%20Minimum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|16 ms|
|112|[ Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/112.%20Path%20Sum.cpp)|4 ms|
|116|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node/)|[C++](./solutions/116.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node.cpp)|20 ms|
|118|[ Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)|[C++](./solutions/118.%20Pascal's%20Triangle.cpp)|0 ms|
|119|[ Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/119.%20Pascal's%20Triangle%20II.cpp)|0 ms|
|120|[ Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/triangle/)|[C++](./solutions/120.%20Triangle.cpp)|44 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[C++](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.cpp)|N/A|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[C++](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.cpp)|12 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[C++](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.cpp)|0 ms|
|131|[ Palindrome Partitioning](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-partitioning/)|[C++](./solutions/131.%20Palindrome%20Partitioning.cpp)|184 ms|
|134|[ Gas Station](https://leetcode.com/problems/gas-station/)|[C++](./solutions/134.%20Gas%20Station.cpp)|220 ms|
|136|[ Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)|[C++](./solutions/136.%20Single%20Number.cpp)|528 ms|
|141|[ Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)|[C++](./solutions/141.%20Linked%20List%20Cycle.cpp)|8 ms|
|143|[ Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)|[C++](./solutions/143.%20Reorder%20List.cpp)|972 ms|
|144|[ Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/144.%20Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|145|[ Binary Tree Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/145.%20Binary%20Tree%20Postorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|153|[ Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/153.%20Find%20Minimum%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|0 ms|
|155|[ Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)|[C++](./solutions/155.%20Min%20Stack.cpp)|48 ms|
|160|[ Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/)|[C++](./solutions/160.%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists.cpp)|72 ms|
|167|[ Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)|[C++](./solutions/167.%20Two%20Sum%20II%20-%20Input%20array%20is%20sorted.cpp)|4 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[C++](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.cpp)|16 ms|
|171|[ Excel Sheet Column Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number/)|[C++](./solutions/171.%20Excel%20Sheet%20Column%20Number.cpp)|8 ms|
|189|[ Rotate Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)|[C++](./solutions/189.%20Rotate%20Array.cpp)|24 ms|
|190|[ Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)|[C++](./solutions/190.%20Reverse%20Bits.cpp)|4 ms|
|191|[ Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)|[C++](./solutions/191.%20Number%20of%201%20Bits.cpp)|4 ms|
|199|[ Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/)|[C++](./solutions/199.%20Binary%20Tree%20Right%20Side%20View.cpp)|8 ms|
|200|[ Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)|[C++](./solutions/200.%20Number%20of%20Islands.cpp)|84 ms|
|202|[ Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)|[C++](./solutions/202.%20Happy%20Number.cpp)|4 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[C++](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.cpp)|36 ms|
|205|[ Isomorphic Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/)|[C++](./solutions/205.%20Isomorphic%20Strings.cpp)|16 ms|
|217|[ Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[C++](./solutions/217.%20Contains%20Duplicate.cpp)|28 ms|
|219|[ Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/219.%20Contains%20Duplicate%20II.cpp)|36 ms|
|222|[ Count Complete Tree Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/)|[C++](./solutions/222.%20Count%20Complete%20Tree%20Nodes.cpp)|52 ms|
|226|[ Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/226.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|231|[ Power of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/)|[C++](./solutions/231.%20Power%20of%20Two.cpp)|4 ms|
|232|[ Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)|[C++](./solutions/232.%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks.cpp)|0 ms|
|235|[ Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/235.%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|32 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[C++](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.cpp)|12 ms|
|257|[ Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/)|[C++](./solutions/257.%20Binary%20Tree%20Paths.cpp)|8 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[C++](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.cpp)|8 ms|
|283|[ Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)|[C++](./solutions/283.%20Move%20Zeroes.cpp)|12 ms|
|289|[ Game of Life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/)|[C++](./solutions/289.%20Game%20of%20Life.cpp)|4 ms|
|292|[ Nim Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/nim-game/)|[C++](./solutions/292.%20Nim%20Game.cpp)|4 ms|
|303|[ Range Sum Query - Immutable](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable/)|[C++](./solutions/303.%20Range%20Sum%20Query%20-%20Immutable.cpp)|32 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[C++](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.cpp)|24 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[C++](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|88 ms|
|389|[ Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/)|[C++](./solutions/389.%20Find%20the%20Difference.cpp)|8 ms|
|412|[ Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)|[C++](./solutions/412.%20Fizz%20Buzz.cpp)|8 ms|
|434|[ Number of Segments in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-segments-in-a-string/)|[C++](./solutions/434.%20Number%20of%20Segments%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|4 ms|
|455|[ Assign Cookies](https://leetcode.com/problems/assign-cookies/)|[C++](./solutions/455.%20Assign%20Cookies.cpp)|120 ms|
|461|[ Hamming Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance/)|[C++](./solutions/461.%20Hamming%20Distance.cpp)|0 ms|
|463|[ Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/)|[C++](./solutions/463.%20Island%20Perimeter.cpp)|264 ms|
|486|[ Predict the Winner](https://leetcode.com/problems/predict-the-winner/)|[C++](./solutions/486.%20Predict%20the%20Winner.cpp)|4 ms|
|495|[ Teemo Attacking](https://leetcode.com/problems/teemo-attacking/)|[C++](./solutions/495.%20Teemo%20Attacking.cpp)|60 ms|
|500|[ Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/)|[C++](./solutions/500.%20Keyboard%20Row.cpp)|0 ms|
|506|[ Relative Ranks](https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-ranks/)|[C++](./solutions/506.%20Relative%20Ranks.cpp)|96 ms|
|509|[ Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)|[C++](./solutions/509.%20Fibonacci%20Number.cpp)|0 ms|
|561|[ Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)|[C++](./solutions/561.%20Array%20Partition%20I.cpp)|144 ms|
|709|[ To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/)|[C++](./solutions/709.%20To%20Lower%20Case.cpp)|0 ms|
|771|[ Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)|[C++](./solutions/771.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.cpp)|20 ms|
|824|[ Goat Latin](https://leetcode.com/problems/goat-latin/)|[C++](./solutions/824.%20Goat%20Latin.cpp)|20 ms|
|852|[ Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/)|[C++](./solutions/852.%20Peak%20Index%20in%20a%20Mountain%20Array.cpp)|24 ms|
|1325|[ Delete Leaves With a Given Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-leaves-with-a-given-value/)|[C++](./solutions/1325.%20Delete%20Leaves%20With%20a%20Given%20Value.cpp)|24 ms|
|1351|[ Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-negative-numbers-in-a-sorted-matrix/)|[C++](./solutions/1351.%20Count%20Negative%20Numbers%20in%20a%20Sorted%20Matrix.cpp)|28 ms|
|1387|[ Sort Integers by The Power Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-integers-by-the-power-value/)|[C++](./solutions/1387.%20Sort%20Integers%20by%20The%20Power%20Value.cpp)|36 ms|

Commit message:

122. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II, 1764 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.cpp)|1244 ms|
|6|[ ZigZag Conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/)|[C++](./solutions/6.%20ZigZag%20Conversion.cpp)|60 ms|
|7|[ Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)|[C++](./solutions/7.%20Reverse%20Integer.cpp)|12 ms|
|8|[ String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/)|[C++](./solutions/8.%20String%20to%20Integer%20(atoi).cpp)|4 ms|
|9|[ Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)|[C++](./solutions/9.%20Palindrome%20Number.cpp)|156 ms|
|11|[ Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)|[C++](./solutions/11.%20Container%20With%20Most%20Water.cpp)|36 ms|
|12|[ Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|[C++](./solutions/12.%20Integer%20to%20Roman.cpp)|92 ms|
|13|[ Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/)|[C++](./solutions/13.%20Roman%20to%20Integer.cpp)|76 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[C++](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.cpp)|12 ms|
|16|[ 3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)|[C++](./solutions/16.%203Sum%20Closest.cpp)|228 ms|
|17|[ Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)|[C++](./solutions/17.%20Letter%20Combinations%20of%20a%20Phone%20Number.cpp)|0 ms|
|19|[ Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)|[C++](./solutions/19.%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List.cpp)|8 ms|
|20|[ Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[C++](./solutions/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses.cpp)|20 ms|
|21|[ Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)|[C++](./solutions/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists.cpp)|8 ms|
|22|[ Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)|[C++](./solutions/22.%20Generate%20Parentheses.cpp)|4 ms|
|24|[ Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/)|[C++](./solutions/24.%20Swap%20Nodes%20in%20Pairs.cpp)|4 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|848 ms|
|27|[ Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)|[C++](./solutions/27.%20Remove%20Element.cpp)|4 ms|
|28|[ Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[C++](./solutions/28.%20Implement%20strStr().cpp)|4 ms|
|30|[ Substring with Concatenation of All Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/)|[C++](./solutions/30.%20Substring%20with%20Concatenation%20of%20All%20Words.cpp)|472 ms|
|31|[ Next Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/)|[C++](./solutions/31.%20Next%20Permutation.cpp)|0 ms|
|34|[ Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/34.%20Find%20First%20and%20Last%20Position%20of%20Element%20in%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|8 ms|
|35|[ Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/)|[C++](./solutions/35.%20Search%20Insert%20Position.cpp)|4 ms|
|36|[ Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)|[C++](./solutions/36.%20Valid%20Sudoku.cpp)|16 ms|
|38|[ Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/)|[C++](./solutions/38.%20Count%20and%20Say.cpp)|4 ms|
|46|[ Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/)|[C++](./solutions/46.%20Permutations.cpp)|4 ms|
|47|[ Permutations II](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/47.%20Permutations%20II.cpp)|296 ms|
|49|[ Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)|[C++](./solutions/49.%20Group%20Anagrams.cpp)|92 ms|
|53|[ Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)|[C++](./solutions/53.%20Maximum%20Subarray.cpp)|12 ms|
|58|[ Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/)|[C++](./solutions/58.%20Length%20of%20Last%20Word.cpp)|4 ms|
|62|[ Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)|[C++](./solutions/62.%20Unique%20Paths.cpp)|4 ms|
|64|[ Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/64.%20Minimum%20Path%20Sum.cpp)|100 ms|
|66|[ Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[C++](./solutions/66.%20Plus%20One.cpp)|0 ms|
|67|[ Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/)|[C++](./solutions/67.%20Add%20Binary.cpp)|4 ms|
|69|[ Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/)|[C++](./solutions/69.%20Sqrt(x).cpp)|16 ms|
|70|[ Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[C++](./solutions/70.%20Climbing%20Stairs.cpp)|0 ms|
|75|[ Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)|[C++](./solutions/75.%20Sort%20Colors.cpp)|0 ms|
|77|[ Combinations](https://leetcode.com/problems/combinations/)|[C++](./solutions/77.%20Combinations.cpp)|316 ms|
|80|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/80.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array%20II.cpp)|8 ms|
|83|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)|[C++](./solutions/83.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20List.cpp)|12 ms|
|88|[ Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/88.%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|4 ms|
|94|[ Binary Tree Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/94.%20Binary%20Tree%20Inorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|95|[ Unique Binary Search Trees II](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/95.%20Unique%20Binary%20Search%20Trees%20II.cpp)|16 ms|
|96|[ Unique Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/)|[C++](./solutions/96.%20Unique%20Binary%20Search%20Trees.cpp)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.cpp)|0 ms|
|101|[ Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/101.%20Symmetric%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|102|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/102.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|103|[ Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/103.%20Binary%20Tree%20Zigzag%20Level%20Order%20Traversal.cpp)|8 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|105|[ Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/105.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20and%20Inorder%20Traversal.cpp)|60 ms|
|106|[ Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/106.%20Construct%20Binary%20Tree%20from%20Inorder%20and%20Postorder%20Traversal.cpp)|56 ms|
|107|[ Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/107.%20Binary%20Tree%20Level%20Order%20Traversal%20II.cpp)|4 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|20 ms|
|109|[ Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/109.%20Convert%20Sorted%20List%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|32 ms|
|110|[ Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/110.%20Balanced%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|12 ms|
|111|[ Minimum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/111.%20Minimum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|16 ms|
|112|[ Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)|[C++](./solutions/112.%20Path%20Sum.cpp)|4 ms|
|116|[ Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node/)|[C++](./solutions/116.%20Populating%20Next%20Right%20Pointers%20in%20Each%20Node.cpp)|20 ms|
|118|[ Pascal's Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/)|[C++](./solutions/118.%20Pascal's%20Triangle.cpp)|0 ms|
|119|[ Pascal's Triangle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/119.%20Pascal's%20Triangle%20II.cpp)|0 ms|
|120|[ Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/triangle/)|[C++](./solutions/120.%20Triangle.cpp)|44 ms|
|121|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)|[C++](./solutions/121.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.cpp)|N/A|
|122|[ Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/122.%20Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock%20II.cpp)|1764 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[C++](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.cpp)|12 ms|
|129|[ Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/)|[C++](./solutions/129.%20Sum%20Root%20to%20Leaf%20Numbers.cpp)|0 ms|
|131|[ Palindrome Partitioning](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-partitioning/)|[C++](./solutions/131.%20Palindrome%20Partitioning.cpp)|184 ms|
|134|[ Gas Station](https://leetcode.com/problems/gas-station/)|[C++](./solutions/134.%20Gas%20Station.cpp)|220 ms|
|136|[ Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)|[C++](./solutions/136.%20Single%20Number.cpp)|528 ms|
|141|[ Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)|[C++](./solutions/141.%20Linked%20List%20Cycle.cpp)|8 ms|
|143|[ Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)|[C++](./solutions/143.%20Reorder%20List.cpp)|972 ms|
|144|[ Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-preorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/144.%20Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|145|[ Binary Tree Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-postorder-traversal/)|[C++](./solutions/145.%20Binary%20Tree%20Postorder%20Traversal.cpp)|4 ms|
|153|[ Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)|[C++](./solutions/153.%20Find%20Minimum%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array.cpp)|0 ms|
|155|[ Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)|[C++](./solutions/155.%20Min%20Stack.cpp)|48 ms|
|160|[ Intersection of Two Linked Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/)|[C++](./solutions/160.%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Linked%20Lists.cpp)|72 ms|
|167|[ Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)|[C++](./solutions/167.%20Two%20Sum%20II%20-%20Input%20array%20is%20sorted.cpp)|4 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[C++](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.cpp)|16 ms|
|171|[ Excel Sheet Column Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number/)|[C++](./solutions/171.%20Excel%20Sheet%20Column%20Number.cpp)|8 ms|
|189|[ Rotate Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)|[C++](./solutions/189.%20Rotate%20Array.cpp)|24 ms|
|190|[ Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)|[C++](./solutions/190.%20Reverse%20Bits.cpp)|4 ms|
|191|[ Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)|[C++](./solutions/191.%20Number%20of%201%20Bits.cpp)|4 ms|
|199|[ Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/)|[C++](./solutions/199.%20Binary%20Tree%20Right%20Side%20View.cpp)|8 ms|
|200|[ Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)|[C++](./solutions/200.%20Number%20of%20Islands.cpp)|84 ms|
|202|[ Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/)|[C++](./solutions/202.%20Happy%20Number.cpp)|4 ms|
|203|[ Remove Linked List Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/)|[C++](./solutions/203.%20Remove%20Linked%20List%20Elements.cpp)|36 ms|
|205|[ Isomorphic Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/)|[C++](./solutions/205.%20Isomorphic%20Strings.cpp)|16 ms|
|217|[ Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[C++](./solutions/217.%20Contains%20Duplicate.cpp)|28 ms|
|219|[ Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)|[C++](./solutions/219.%20Contains%20Duplicate%20II.cpp)|36 ms|
|222|[ Count Complete Tree Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-complete-tree-nodes/)|[C++](./solutions/222.%20Count%20Complete%20Tree%20Nodes.cpp)|52 ms|
|226|[ Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/226.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.cpp)|4 ms|
|231|[ Power of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/)|[C++](./solutions/231.%20Power%20of%20Two.cpp)|4 ms|
|232|[ Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)|[C++](./solutions/232.%20Implement%20Queue%20using%20Stacks.cpp)|0 ms|
|235|[ Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)|[C++](./solutions/235.%20Lowest%20Common%20Ancestor%20of%20a%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.cpp)|32 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[C++](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.cpp)|12 ms|
|257|[ Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths/)|[C++](./solutions/257.%20Binary%20Tree%20Paths.cpp)|8 ms|
|258|[ Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/)|[C++](./solutions/258.%20Add%20Digits.cpp)|8 ms|
|283|[ Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)|[C++](./solutions/283.%20Move%20Zeroes.cpp)|12 ms|
|289|[ Game of Life](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-of-life/)|[C++](./solutions/289.%20Game%20of%20Life.cpp)|4 ms|
|292|[ Nim Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/nim-game/)|[C++](./solutions/292.%20Nim%20Game.cpp)|4 ms|
|303|[ Range Sum Query - Immutable](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-query-immutable/)|[C++](./solutions/303.%20Range%20Sum%20Query%20-%20Immutable.cpp)|32 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[C++](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.cpp)|24 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[C++](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|88 ms|
|389|[ Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/)|[C++](./solutions/389.%20Find%20the%20Difference.cpp)|8 ms|
|412|[ Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)|[C++](./solutions/412.%20Fizz%20Buzz.cpp)|8 ms|
|434|[ Number of Segments in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-segments-in-a-string/)|[C++](./solutions/434.%20Number%20of%20Segments%20in%20a%20String.cpp)|4 ms|
|455|[ Assign Cookies](https://leetcode.com/problems/assign-cookies/)|[C++](./solutions/455.%20Assign%20Cookies.cpp)|120 ms|
|461|[ Hamming Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance/)|[C++](./solutions/461.%20Hamming%20Distance.cpp)|0 ms|
|463|[ Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/)|[C++](./solutions/463.%20Island%20Perimeter.cpp)|264 ms|
|486|[ Predict the Winner](https://leetcode.com/problems/predict-the-winner/)|[C++](./solutions/486.%20Predict%20the%20Winner.cpp)|4 ms|
|495|[ Teemo Attacking](https://leetcode.com/problems/teemo-attacking/)|[C++](./solutions/495.%20Teemo%20Attacking.cpp)|60 ms|
|500|[ Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/)|[C++](./solutions/500.%20Keyboard%20Row.cpp)|0 ms|
|506|[ Relative Ranks](https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-ranks/)|[C++](./solutions/506.%20Relative%20Ranks.cpp)|96 ms|
|509|[ Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)|[C++](./solutions/509.%20Fibonacci%20Number.cpp)|0 ms|
|561|[ Array Partition I](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-partition-i/)|[C++](./solutions/561.%20Array%20Partition%20I.cpp)|144 ms|
|709|[ To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/)|[C++](./solutions/709.%20To%20Lower%20Case.cpp)|0 ms|
|771|[ Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/)|[C++](./solutions/771.%20Jewels%20and%20Stones.cpp)|20 ms|
|824|[ Goat Latin](https://leetcode.com/problems/goat-latin/)|[C++](./solutions/824.%20Goat%20Latin.cpp)|20 ms|
|852|[ Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/)|[C++](./solutions/852.%20Peak%20Index%20in%20a%20Mountain%20Array.cpp)|24 ms|
|1325|[ Delete Leaves With a Given Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-leaves-with-a-given-value/)|[C++](./solutions/1325.%20Delete%20Leaves%20With%20a%20Given%20Value.cpp)|24 ms|
|1351|[ Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-negative-numbers-in-a-sorted-matrix/)|[C++](./solutions/1351.%20Count%20Negative%20Numbers%20in%20a%20Sorted%20Matrix.cpp)|28 ms|
|1387|[ Sort Integers by The Power Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-integers-by-the-power-value/)|[C++](./solutions/1387.%20Sort%20Integers%20by%20The%20Power%20Value.cpp)|36 ms|
